hi everyone knows - gamer we get
found today for a watch
for a new video on one on the
edition namely suri potter which is a
room catry known today I
would you like to see this video too
this video has the physical and
the healthy as community vassal and
other community scenes so
possible firstly the author jk
Rowling imagined a scathing of the
delay of a train for a trip from
master of hands jespere are worth between this
which seems a little weird because seen
that the saga was very well known a lot of
success
the first thing to know is that
the author jk rowling imagine describe the
holy grail fantasy of the delay of a
train for a trip of at least 7 from
manchester in london which is a little
weird because pascal gets worse
experienced a great success secondly
the books had been sold in June
2011 to more than 450 million
of copies and translated into almost 70
languages
we thought the third thing to know if
that evanna lynch which is related to good
was just an end of harry potter and
his favorite character of the moons by
fourth chance a space dedicated to
harry potter was offered to universal
island of adventure in florida
and this is where it should be noted that this
that it's one of the biggest
park history investments
attraction
fifth after writing the
first book
she was sending three first chapters
a thing that refuses to refuse them
it's a bit silly of him because
the book as a very great success
sixthly richard harris the actor who
interpreter dumbledore the director of
Hogwarts in the first two movies a
been replaced by michel cambon because of
of his death in 2002 so serious
Risk died in 2002 and was
replaced by michel aumont 7th in late
March 2012
jamie waylett actors who interpret
clusters night Gaulle and
marseille is sentenced to two years of
prison for taking part in the riots
from London
in 2011 he was supposed to die in the
movie being that they chose two
killed hollow crabs
eighth the actor who plays voldemort
and the uncle of the actor who plays tom
jedusor did not have mangane daniel radcliffe
the actor who embodies the role of harry
Potter suffers from slight dyspraxia
persimmon and peculiarities of the brain
preventing the necklace boyne to his gesture
it's a disease that prevents a little
to do the gestures quickly
tenth daniel radcliffe
use s60 glasses that harry potter
rank during a harry potter shoot
they are interested in it
was a little too much to him of the
video chat share you liked you
invite to you have to subscribe a
with marx video and sometimes
please to more